that's what it looks like a semblant
of exact toilet it is in the process of
live between nice and his feathers a good
and not very fan of the bath by cons
can it but qd and one to two times per
week maybe more when he does
hot and then behind you have to do
watch out when it's wet do not
have draft do not have any
cold so it's rather the beautiful season
we sprayed him above him and
it falls on him in fine rain and that they
like and like perrin after the
remains this behavior there it will smooth
one by one the feathers and put in
order
what does it eat a gris du gabon
more and more we are headed as for
the dog or cat to food
extruded which are complete feeds
who will avoid sorting and wasting
and we supplement these foods extruded with
the seed mixes the parrot
nicely shine we answer all these
nutritional needs and we do not have
wasted thing that is less the case
with seeds then to move towards
the richest seeds that in excess
are not very good and it's a big
eater you have to bring him free
serving a quantity of a bowl
and then he will go to use everything at
the day must be renewed
food every day so that's it
who will regulate his needs in
food
do we have to put the food back
every morning there is no time
specific what needs to be renewed
every day that even when we use
a mixture of seeds even if there are any left
very often it is the cause of the strike
I saw that he was sorting when he
eat he rejects things that's it
rejects a lot and he really takes
that the best of the best but even
in the cup it remains that the causes
that you have to renew every day and
on an extruded food like this one brings
always a fresh food so
regular so after we evaluate with the
time the amount he needs and
so before handing over food
invaded to clean every cup she's
same for the water quite it takes
disinfect with a neutral product
there I see oranges bananas apples zagoli
corn and all the list you come
to list are fruits of vegetables
they appreciate he loves
especially the apple after that is to
distribute daily basis
just wash them a preferable
to have untreated products this
something we bring to vary
food and to compensate for
possible deficiencies that a mixture of
standard seeds and you said
actually it's the hand towards states
family members and same time
when you go shopping you have to think
to his parrot when we're going to do his
races or cafes always have some
fruits and vegetables to sadism